D3Backend
====

This is (or will be) the backend server used by us (Double Door Development) to control our Minecraft servers.

*We are not responsible for lost worlds, hacked accounts or destroyed servers.*

Help?!
------

**Protip:** There are commands now! (Use "help" to get started)

Bugs
----

Typos? [Go here.](https://github.com/DoubleDoorDevelopment/D3Backend/issues/10)

1. We use the Github issue tracker.
1. Please always provide a screenshot, stackstrace or log of the bug. **USE PASTEBIN(or similar) PLEASE!**
1. Tell us which page you where on (if applicable)
1. Tell us what you clicked exactly (if applicable)
1. If we ask you for more information and you don't replay within 14 days, the issue will be considerer inactive.

ToDO
----

- [ ]  Implement email system
- [ ]  Autoinstaller for FTB, ...
- [ ]  Support our launcher with linkage and always up to date modlist/configs
- [ ]  Implement a server wrapper
    - [ ] Shut the actual server down if empty, restart if someone connects.
    - [ ] Keep clients connected during server restart
- [ ]  Multi 'node' support
- [ ]  Add a 'look and feel' config (change name, add bootstrap theme, ...)
- [ ]  In release: Use minified js and css

HttpS
-----

Step 1: Make a jks file.<br>
    Option 1: [Self signed certificate](https://www.sslshopper.com/article-how-to-create-a-self-signed-certificate-using-java-keytool.html) Please use this for internal network or testing only.<br>
    Option 2: [Proper, CA signed certificate](https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E19798-01/821-1751/ghlgv/index.html)<br>
**Protip:** [CA signed certificates don't have to be expensive...](https://www.startssl.com/)<br>

Step 2: Put the path (relative to run dir or absolute) and password in the config file.

Step 3: Restart the backend. Done.

License
-------

If we include code that you wrote, and we forgot to mention you as author, please make an issue!<br>

This project is under a modified version of the BSD license.<br>
Specifically:

    The header specified or the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
    and the following disclaimer below must be displayed at the top of the source code
    of any web page received while using any part of the service this software provides.
  
    The header to be displayed:
        This page was generated by DoubleDoorDevelopment's D3Backend or a derivative thereof.
        
**This is to be interpreted like this:**<br>
You can't simply change all the template files and remove all of the references to "DoubleDoorDevelopment's D3Backend"<br>
If you wish to use the backend without any references to "DoubleDoorDevelopment" or "D3Backend", you will have to contact us and receive explicate written permission.
